chore(blog): add may update (#4132)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2025-may-summary.md

---
title: "Monthly Community Update: May 2025"
date: 2025-06-01T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2025-blog-banner/banner-may.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: Community Builder and Open Source Fanatic!
excerpt: 'AsyncAPI community status and project updates for May 2025'
featured: true
---

As May ushers in the warmth of spring, while some of us in the southern hemisphere brace ourselves for the upcoming winter season, it's also a time to recognize and celebrate the dedication of those who contribute to projects that drive innovation in the community. 

**Happy Maintainers Month to all the AsyncAPI maintainers**! Your hard work and commitment significantly impact the community, ensuring that collaboration and progress thrive. Thank you for everything you do!

> ## Governance Board Nomination

Reviewer: you can just mention we have 3 candidates already

A new chapter is unfolding for the initiative; the nomination process for the governance board is currently underway. We currently have three nominations submitted; if you are a TSC member and want to nominate yourself or someone else, please submit the application by **June 5th at 10:00 AM UTC**.

To understand the requirements and the reasons behind this transition, [please read the Executive Director to Governance Board article](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/new-governance-board).

## AsyncAPI Conference 2025

> We are excited to have our speakers for [AsyncAPI Conf Munich and Lagos on the website](https://conference.asyncapi.com/). The agenda, scheduling, and tickets will be announced in the next few weeks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are excited to have announced our speakers for [AsyncAPI Conf Munich and Lagos on the website](https://conference.asyncapi.com/). The agenda, scheduling, and tickets will be announced in the next few weeks.
```

The call for Speakers for [AsyncAPI Conf Bangalore is still open](https://conference.asyncapi.com/venue/Bangalore), so please help us share the CFP link with your networks and submit your proposals before **the 27th of June**.

### Conference Budget Documentation
We have an open discussion [on how to best distribute the conference's travel funding](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/issues/1918). Please share your thoughts on the issue discussion. 

## Onboarding/Training Videos

> Our second onboarding video, done by [Azeez Elegbede](https://www.linkedin.com/in/acebuild) on API architecture, is now on YouTube. Please watch, share, and subscribe to our channel for more content like this will be published occasionally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our second onboarding video, done by [Azeez Elegbede](https://www.linkedin.com/in/acebuild) on API architecture, is now available on YouTube. Please watch, share, and subscribe to our channel for more content like this, which are planned to be published occasionally.
```
